Display Property

The  display  property specifies the display behavior (the type of rendering box) of an element.
The Display properties can contain the following values:

inline
block
inline-block
none
flex
grid


inline

The element generates one or more inline element boxes that do not generate
 line breaks before or after themselves. 
In normal flow, the next element will be on the same line if there is space.
Some examples of inline elements are span, img, a, strong, b, i, etc.

block

The element generates a block element box, generating line breaks both before and after the element when
 in the normal flow.
Some examples of the block elements are h1 to h6, p, div, form, header, footer, etc.

inline-block

Compared to  display: inline , the major difference is that  display: inline-block  allows to set a width
 and height on the element.
Also, with  display: inline-block , the top and bottom margins/paddings are respected, but with 
 display: inline  they are not.
Compared to  display: block , the major difference is that  display: inline-block  does 
not add a line-break after the element, so the element can sit next to other elements.

none

Using a  display value of  none on an element will remove it from the accessibility tree
. This will cause the element and all its descendant elements to no longer be announced by screen reading technology.

CSS Float and Clear

CSS Float

The CSS  float  property specifies how an element should float.
The  float  property is used for positioning and formatting content e.g. letting an image float left to the text in a container.

The  float  property can have one of the following values:

left  - The element floats to the left of its container
right  - The element floats to the right of its container
none  - The element does not float (will be displayed just where it occurs in the text). This is default
inherit  - The element inherits the float value of its parent

In its simplest use, the  float  property can be used to wrap text around images.


CSS Clear

When we use the  float  property, and we want the next element below (not on right or left), we will have to use the  clear  property.
The  clear  property specifies what should happen with the element that is next to a floating element.
It supports left, right, both, none and inherit values. You can clear the float from an element by defining its’ clear as both

CSS Overflow

If a floated element is taller than the containing element, it will "overflow" outside of its container. We can use the overflow property to define how the overflow content should behave.

This property is a shorthand for the following CSS properties:

overflow-x
overflow-y

This property supports the values:

overflow: visible;
overflow: hidden;
overflow: clip;
overflow: scroll;
overflow: auto;
overflow: hidden visible;
