##Text Properties

    Color
        The color property is used to set the color of the text. The color is specified by:

    text-align property
    The text-align property is used to set the horizontal alignment of a text.
        left
        right
        center
        justify

    Text-decoration

        text-decoration-line
        The text-decoration-line property is used to add a decoration line to the text.
        Tip: You can combine more than one value, like overline and underline to
        display lines both over and under a text.
            underline
            overline
            line-through
        
        text-decoration-color
            The text-decoration-color property is used to set the color of the decoration line.
        
        text-decoration-style
        The text-decoration-style property is used to set the style of the decoration line.
            solid
            double
            dotted
            dashed
            wavy

        text-decoration-thickness
        The text-decoration-thickness property is used to set the thickness of the
        decoration line.

        text-decoration
        The text-decoration property is a shorthand property for:
            text-decoration-line (required)
            text-decoration-color (optional)
            text-decoration-style (optional)
            text-decoration-thickness (optional)

    Text Transform

    The text-transform property is used to specify uppercase and lowercase letters in a
    text.
    It can be used to turn everything into uppercase or lowercase letters, or capitalize
    the first letter of each word:

    Text Spacing

        text-indent
        The text-indent property is used to specify the indentation of the first line of a
        text.

        letter-spacing
        The letter-spacing property is used to specify the space between the characters
        in a text.

        line-height
        The line-height property is used to specify the space between lines.

        word-spacing
        The word-spacing property is used to specify the space between the words in a
        text.

    Text Shadow

    The text-shadow property adds a shadow to the text. You specify the:
    horizontal shadow (2px), vertical shadow (2px), blur, and color
        text-shadow: 2px 2px 4px #ccc;

## Font Properties

    font-size
        We can use px, em, rem, %, vw etc. for defining the font size. It is recommended to
        use the rem unit.

    font-weight
        The font-weight property specifies the weight of a font.
    
    font-family
        Serif, sans-serif, monospace, cursive, fantasy. You can also define your own font
        family by using google fonts as later explained in this section.

    font-style
        The font-style property is mostly used to specify italic text.
        This property has three values:
        normal - The text is shown normally
        italic - The text is shown in italics
        oblique - The text is "leaning" (oblique is very similar to italic but less supported)
    
    Google Fonts
        If you do not want to use any of the standard fonts in HTML, you can use Google
        Fonts.
        Google Fonts are free to use, and have more than 1000 fonts to choose from.
